1. Write one scenario of Black-box Testing ?

-> A Simple login screen of web applications there are two fields, one is username one is password.
we give the correct input and the output will be to enable  access to the system.
A black-box testing will not consider the code,it will check the valid username and password.
if i input a wrong username or password then shows the error messege.
Black-box testing emphasizes on the behaviour of software .It checks the scenario where system can break.



2. When to stop testing?

-> It is difficult to determine when to stop testing,testing is a never ending process and no one can claim that a software
is 100% tested. The aspects are to be consider for stopping the testing process.

*when the all test cases get passed
*Test Deadlines
*Completion of test cases execution
*Bug rate falls below a certain level and no high-priority bugs are identified
*When all the defects have been found
*Management Decision



3.Why  software testing  is important?

->
software testing saves money,
Inspires Customer Confidence and Satisfaction,
Improves Security,
Improves Product Quality.
It reduces maintenance costs and provides better usability and enhanced functionality.
For the good public relation with customer



4. Give one example of Regression Testing ?
->
we have an image uploading field which supports only certain image formats say JPG, PNG etc. 
Suppose one of the images formats failed (say JPG) and the developer fixed it. Testing the functionality, 
after fixing this bug is retesting. Here, testing and ensuring whether this new change (fixes) has not 
altered the working of other fields on that page is regression testing.


5. which test you should automate?

->
Unit testing should take the top priority, followed by integration testing and functional testing. 
The types of test cases that should be automated have a lot of complex manual scenarios,
 especially those that require a lot of data or environment setup.

i choose unit testing because unit testing involves testing individual components of the software program or application. 
The main purpose behind this is to check that all the individual parts are working as intended. 
A unit is known as the smallest possible component of software that can be tested. Generally, it has a few inputs and a single output.